Fix issue with aggregate functions on literals (#12886)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

.. stable branch. You can add a version label (`v/X.Y`) to the pull request for
.. an automated mergify backport.

> - Fixed an issue causing ``IndexOutOfBoundsException`` when applying
>   aggregations on literals, i.e.::
> 
>     SELECT SUM(10) FROM test HAVING COUNT(1) > 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression introduced in CrateDB ``4.3.0`` causing a 
  ``IndexOutOfBoundsException`` when applying aggregations on literals.
  Example::

    SELECT SUM(10) FROM test HAVING COUNT(1) > 0
```
